As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. -- Albert Einstein

Business is a good game -- lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money. -- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari

Q: How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: None: The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.

Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem. -- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow" 

 "In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code." -- Karl Lehenbauer  

Now I lay me down to sleep I hear the sirens in the street All my dreams are made of chrome I have no way to get back home - Tom Waits

Newton's Law of Gravitation: What goes up must come down. But don't expect it to come down where you can find it. Murphy's Law applies to Newton's.

Dave Mack: "Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par." Allen Gwinn: "Yours is." 

Courage is fear that has said its prayers.

But there are also unknown unknowns – the ones we don't know we don't know.

http://www.blakjak.demon.co.uk/epitfs.htm

A lawyer's epitaph in England
    Sir John Strange
    Here lies an honest lawyer,
    And that is Strange.

Lester Moore was a Wells, Fargo Co. station agent for Naco, Arizona in the cowboy days of the 1880's. He's buried in the Boot Hill Cemetery in Tombstone, Arizona
    Here lies Lester Moore
    Four slugs from a .44
    No Les No More.

Epitaph - Dr. Fred Roberts, Brookland, Arkansas
    Office upstairs

From Paul Eggert (2001-03-06):
Daylight Saving Time was first suggested as a joke by Benjamin Franklin in his whimsical essay “An Economical Project for Diminishing the Cost of Light” published in the Journal de Paris (1784-04-26). Not everyone is happy with the results. 

It's OBVIOUS ... The FURS never reached ISTANBUL ... You were an EXTRA in the REMAKE of "TOPKAPI" ... Go home to your WIFE ... She's making FRENCH TOAST!

Переубедить Вас, к сожалению, мне не удастся, поэтому сразу перейду к оскорблениям.

Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.

To whom the mornings are like nights, What must the midnights be! -- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)  
